ABOUT TINYCLUES


Tinyclues’ AI-first marketing platform is built with the latest technology including Kubernetes, Docker, Presto, Python ML frameworks, Elasticsearch or React. Our software stack is a mix between Python and Scala, natively designed for cloud and deployed on AWS. We focus on using those ecosystems for what they do best. 

The solution processes and analyzes hundreds of terabytes of data every day from our 100+ enterprise clients across 13 countries. It runs dozens of powerful and carefully designed machine & deep learning algorithms to find the “tiny clues” in our clients’ first-party databases. The technology currently relies on proven datastores and distributed backends to process data. Our data and predictive pipelines are implemented over Kubernetes and orchestrated with an event-driven architecture over RabbitMQ. 

We believe empowering people is the most efficient way to build the best product together. The teams are organized in small & autonomous groups working on different business needs with agile methodologies. 

Our innovative technology has led Tinyclues to be identified by leading IT analyst firm Gartner as a Vendor to Watch for digital marketing analytics and a Cool Vendor in multichannel marketing. 

By joining Tinyclues and our 100 team members, you will have an impact on one of top fast-growing start-ups with a unique AI-first vision, breakthrough predictive technology and proven global success. 

WHAT YOU WILL BE WORKING ON
Deep Learning for Recommendation Systems: How to combine implicit & explicit feedback in a deep learning framework (factorizations, higher level interactions, feature transfer, ...)
Attention Pooling Networks: How to aggregate a customer's sequence of historical events into a single meaningful vector
Unsupervised Learning: How to represent best a customer's socio-demographical information in order to feed our models
Meta Learning: How to tune automatically the models' hyper parameters (regularization, latent dimensions, ...) to find the optimal ones
Planning optimization: How to plan best notifications to a user across different subjects, days and communications channels
Requirements 

Must have:
knowledge in applied mathematics (probability, gradient descent optimization...) and algorithmic
fluency in Python with experience in math libraries (numpy, scipy, sklearn, ...)
knowledge of basic machine learning methods (linear regressions, naive bayes, PCA, kmeans)
knowledge of object and/or functional programming concepts
internship convention with a French Grande Ecole or University
Nice to have:
knowledge and experience with one of the Neural Network backend (Keras, MXNet, PyTorch)
understanding the core of the ML libraries
relation database & SQL basics
experience in data visualization
contributing to open source software projects (Github, ...)
If you believe you have a very strong profile in Data Science but are missing one of the must haves, don’t hesitate to send your application anyway.
