Postulez

Founded in 2000, Beijaflore is an operational consulting firm specialising in digital strategy with an international presence and offices in Paris, Brussels, Rio de Janeiro, Sao Paulo and New York. The Group has brought together over 1,250 employees around a single mission: supporting companies in implementing their digital strategy. 
With its Graphene Advisory entity, Beijaflore assists companies in the valuation of their data through Artificial Intelligence projects. By offering complete solutions, from the identification of use cases to the development of the solution and its deployment, Graphène Advisory brings companies to create their business of tomorrow. These solutions are based on Machine Learning and AI based on flexible, modular and scalable architectures called Big Data architectures. Semantic analysis and its many applications such as ChatBot has become a major issue for operational optimization of companies. Beyond these business applications, the semantic analysis reaches a maturity today allowing the interactions between the human and the artificial intelligence.

Would you like to join a multidisciplinary and complementary team that supports its clients in the realization of projects around AI and Machine Learning?

As part of the development of applied solutions such as sentiment and text analysis, you will be in charge of developing a semantic analysis engine based on three different methods and apply it to the context of market finance (support, research or decision support). 

You will be more specifically responsible for:
Study the bibliography on new methods of analysis of texts and documents
Identify three methods of semantic analysis (statistics, Neural network, …)
Test and apply these methods in the area of market finance (yield curve, volatility curve).
In order to carry out your missions, you have the following skills:
Mastery of semantic analysis techniques and conversational agents
Introduction to neural networks and unstructured data
Mastery of Machine Learning methods (classification and clustering)
Mastery of data science tools (R, Python, Scala)
Student from a major engineering school, you follow a Master or a specialization in Data Science. You are autonomous, persevering and rigorous. You also enjoy teamwork. The quality of our internships has been rewarded by obtaining the Happy Trainees / Choose My Company label. Because we are committed to developing the potential of each student, we train you throughout your internship period in a hiring perspective.
